Agent: [No speech detected]
Agent: morning,  welcome  in  Ucobank.  This  is  Neha,  how  may  I  assist  you?
Customer: morning,  may  I  personally  record  the  recording?  Sir,
Agent: you  comfortable  with  Hindi  or  English  language?
Agent: Sir,  are  you  comfortable  with  Hindi  or  English  language?
Customer: I  can  continue  in  English.  But  the  problem
Agent: [No speech detected]
Customer: is  that  I  have  to  speak  Bengali.  Don't  you  understand  Bengali?  I  don't  understand
Agent: I  don't  understand  Bengali  language  sir.  If  you  are  comfortable  in  Hindi  or  English,  so  we  can  proceed  sir.
Customer: may  I  get  it  recorded?
Customer: discussion  here?  Okay,
Agent: Okay,  sure  sir.
Agent: can  I  help  you?
Customer: I  deposited  one  cheque  at
Agent: [No speech detected]
Customer: the  Shamsul  school  branch  of  Ucobank  for  transfer  of  accounts.  From  one  account  to  other  account,  I  had  to  transfer  some  money.  Okay.  For  this,  I  have  to  transfer  some  money.  I  handed  over  the  cheque  to  someone,
Customer: the  AC  manager  available  at  the  counter.  Okay.  And  she  verified  the  cheque  and  assured  me  it's  okay,  there  is  no  issue  with  the  cheque  and  the  account  and  it  will  be  transferred  to  her.
Customer: also  I  laid  the  branch.
Customer: But  couple
Customer: of  days  passed,  I  forgot  to  check  the  account  whether  it  has  been  transferred  or  not.  Later,
Customer: about  10 -12  days  later,
Customer: some  first -course  staff  from  Ucobank,  from  the  school  branch,  called  me.
Agent: [No speech detected]
Customer: you  have  deposited  any  cheque.
Customer: So  I  asked  him  when.
Agent: asked
Customer: told  me  that  he  just  deposited  that.
Customer: I  told  him.  I  didn't  deposit  any  cheque  3 -4  days  or  5  days  back.
Customer: I  asked  him  what  is  the  issue.  Okay  sir.  What  is  the  amount?  What  is  the  cheque  number?  What  is  the  signature  he  who  signed  the  cheque?
Customer: he  denied  to  do  so,  so  fast  to  me.
Agent: I  am  really  sorry  for  the  inconvenience  sir.  As  a  render  sir.  He  told
Customer: sir.
Customer: He  told  me.  He  told  me.
Customer: me  it  is  not  possible.
Customer: Purpose
Agent: purpose
Customer: There
Customer: is.  The  card  like  that  there  is.  So  you  are  asking  us  to  pay  the  amount?  What  is  the  card  like  that?  For  the  same  amount
Agent: the
Customer: person  like  this  is  a  Very  good  person  like  this.
Customer: not  paying  the  amount.  to  call  customer  for  such  correspondence  with
Customer: incomplete  information  or
Customer: the
Customer: is  somebody  else  responsible  for  the  transaction
Customer: who  should  coordinate
Customer: like  that.
Agent: am  really  sorry  for.  Why
Customer: it  has  not  been  why  it  has  not  been  transferred?  Sir
Agent: check  right  you  are  asking  about  your  check  details  right
Agent: sir.  Pardon
Customer: pardon.
Agent: am  I  audible  to  you?
Agent: I  audible  to  you  sir?
Customer: yes  right  now  we  are  audible.
Agent: sir  as  can  I  understand  you  want  to  your  check  status  you  already  deposit  the  check  but  you  are  not  clearance  your  check  right?  No  I  have
Customer: I  have  checked  my  account  it  has  not  been  credited  to  the  targeted
Customer: account  nor  neither  debited  from  the  source  account.
Customer: why  it  has  not  been.  Next.
Customer: transferred  that  is  my  point.  Confirm  and  why  eco  bank  people  are  so  irresponsible  in  dealing  with  customers  like  that.
Customer: they  have  not  contacted  me  with
Customer: specific  information  over  the  issue.
Agent: can  understand  sir  but  actually  as  you  said  you  already  deposited  the  check  and  amount  not  debited  from  their  accounts  and  not  received  any  amount  in  your  account  right?
Customer: yeah.  Sir
Agent: may  I  know  sir.  Yes  sir.  So  you  have  a  check  like  of  which  state  your  same  state  check  or  another  state  check  like  out  of  station  check?
Customer: no  no  same  branch  same.  Same  branch  same
Agent: branch  same  bank  or  same  state.
Agent: Yeah.  And  as  you  said  you  already  check  deposit  which  is  at  12  and  14  days  before  right  but  maximum.  I  deposited
Customer: And
Customer: I  deposited  on  16th  of  March.
Agent: but  I  am  very  sorry.  And  the
Customer: sorry.  And  the  person  the  person  phoned  me  with
Customer: such  incomplete  information  on  24th  March.
Agent: And
Customer: told  me  that  3  4  days  whether  I  have  deposited  any  check  or  3  4  days  back.
Customer: naturally  3  4  days  back  as  on  24th  it  could  be  extended  hardly  up  to  26th  March.  So  26th  March  onwards  I  didn't  deposit  any  check.  I  told  him  no.
Agent: can  understand  sir  but  we  can't  able  to  check  check  your  like  check  details.  Okay.  If  you  want  also  you  will  you  already  visited  your  branch  what  they  said  bank  staff.  No  no
Customer: No  no  I  didn't  visit  I  will  visit  but  before  that  I  want  to  lodge  a  complaint  for  this.  Why  such  irregularities  and  irresponsible  acts  are  there  on  behalf  of  your  bank  statement.  I
Agent: [No speech detected]
Agent: can  understand  sir  I  am  really  sorry  for  not  telling  you  but  maximum  tenure  of  a  check  clearance  rate  is  your  check  in  same  state  for  same  state  and  with  the  same  bank.  So  it's  a  maximum  tenure  3  to  5  working  days.  Okay  for  clearance.
Customer: it  has  relaxed  about  today  it's  more  than  15  days.  15  days
Agent: yes  sir  I  can  understand  sir  but  if  you  don't  able  to  confirm  the  details  and  not  confirm  that  bank  details.  So  I  would  I  would  prefer  your  complaint  portal.  You  can  raise  the  complaint  from  there  sir.  Okay.  Yes
Customer: please  raise  it  on  my  behalf.  Sir
Agent: but  you  can  please  raise  it  behalf  yourself  sir  you  can  manually  account  there  your  account  number.  Okay  please  mention  your  all  the  details.  Okay.  So  you  have  to  please  note  down  here  complaint  portal  sir  you  can  mail  you  can  raise  the  complaint.  Okay  for
Agent: manual.  So  please  note  our  details  sir  complaint
Agent: portal  SPGRS.  Okay.
Agent: for  Shimla  SPGRS  it's  a  complaint  portal  sir  SPGRS.
Customer: SPGRS.  Yes
Agent: sir  SPGRS .Uco  online.  P
Customer: P  for
Customer: Patna.  P
Agent: for  Patna  G  for  Goa  R  for  Rajasthan  S  for  Shimla.
Agent: Okay
Customer: Dot.
Agent: [No speech detected]
Customer: [No speech detected]
Agent: online.
Customer: online.  Dot
Agent: in.
Customer: in.  So  I  have  to  mail  here.
Agent: I  have  to  mail  here.
Agent: sir  it's  a  complaint  portal  you  search  the  complaint  portal  on  Google  there  is  showing  a  form  okay  complaint  raise  okay  so  you  enter  your  account  number  registered  mobile  number  enter  the  OTP  what  your  issue  are  facing  right  now  so  there  is  bank  staff  issue  bank  issue  so  all  the  details  mentioned  there  so  you  can  raise  the  complaint  with  the  remote.  No  don't
Customer: No  don't  you  don't  you  have  any  area
Customer: of  expertise.  There  is  a  lot  of  activity  in  past  cases  to  deal  with  the.
Agent: sir  it's  a  it's  a  enter  your  details  like  your  confidential  data  your  account  number  OTP  you  receive  after  that  portal  is  login  okay  so  you  can  raise  the  complaint  form  there
Agent: [No speech detected]
Customer: is  no  way  of  comp..  lodging  any  complaint  to  you.  No
Agent: No  sir  actually  we  don't  have  access  sir.
Agent: why  so  I  would  request  you  please  raise  the  complaint  behalf  yourself  okay  what  kind  of  issue  you  are  facing  right  now.  now  and  some  time  okay  so  please  mention  all  the  details  okay
Agent: okay
Customer: anything
Agent: else  nice  to  see  you  sir  no
Customer: okay  thank  you
Agent: so  much  for  calling  in  yucca  bank  have  a  nice  day  thank  you  okay
Customer: [No speech detected]